doc: Add documentation for new KConfig option (#1140)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: mpsl/doc/mpsl.rst

   When this interrupt is triggered, :c:func:`mpsl_low_priority_process` should be called as soon as possible (at least within a couple of ms).
   The application should configure this interrupt priority lower than :c:macro:`MPSL_HIGH_IRQ_PRIORITY` level (namely, a higher numerical value).
   The interrupt is enabled with :c:func:`mpsl_init` and disabled with :c:func:`mpsl_uninit` by MPSL.

>    The interrupt is selected using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_LOW_PRIO_IRQN` Kconfig option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

   The interrupt can be configured using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_LOW_PRIO_IRQN` Kconfig option.
   This Kconfig option can be used to resolve conflicts with other software modules, but should be left to the default value when possible.
```
Moving this information here. If this is implemented for a single customer that needs it, I'm okay with leaving the mention out of the changelog.
